5/8/25 (D/M/YY)

01:08
Hello! Welcome to my awesome blog. This is basically going to function as public(ish) journaling; I've been thinking it would be cool, and I couldn't sleep tonight, so I figured now was as good a time to start as any. Now I'm thinking I should've thought this through a bit more, though, because I don't really know what to write now. I suppose I'll just write things as they happen and provide prior context as needed.

As I'm writing this, this blog is basically the only thing in the Jabi Corner, but I will probably put more stuff here in the future (like my non-blog musings and Guy 4 if I ever get around to actually working on it). I would just make this the normal website instead of a secret section of it, but I advertise(d) the website a bit too much, so I feel like it needs to appear semi-professional at least on the surface. Rest assured, this will be where the real magic happens,,,, (if I remember to put more stuff on it. And remember to update this blog)

If you have comments, questions, or et ceteras in response to any of my bloggings, you can always contact me at jabiveir2@gmail.com (or more direct methods, which, if you're here, you probably have).

Okay, I guess I did have a lot to write.

Finally, onto personal matters! I'm really hungry and I should have eaten dinner


10:12
Just woke up. Relatively early considering I went to bed at like 02:30 or something. My sleep schedule has been pretty bad all summer. Hopefully having to wake up early for college classes fixes that; that's generally what happened in high school. College is creeping up on me fast; I only have two weeks of summer left! I should probably start preparing for moving in sometime soon,,,

Speaking of doing things soon, I need to hurry up and get ready because I have a haircut appointment in like two hours.


12:46
Got my haircut. It looks very strange to have such short hair since I've had long hair for so long, but I still think it looks pretty good. I was not aware until right before we left that I was being dropped off to go do it on my own, but I handled it better than I expected; I should probably be better equipped for this by now, though, seeing as how I'm going to be living on my own in two weeks,,,,

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6/8/25

10:01
Meant to update this more yesterday, but I forgot. Doesn't bode well for the longevity of this blog, but we'll see. I got decent sleep last night; fell asleep around midnight and woke up at 09:00. Hoping I can get my sleep schedule into a decent state before college.

Anyway, it's my sister's birthday today! Yippee! I think we're gonna go see a movie later or something. We also got donuts for breakfast which is great.


23:35
Definitely am starting to forget to update this more often, but in my defense, I had quite a busy day!

I spent most of the day celebrating my sister's birthday with our mom and dad, and it was very fun. We ended it off by going to see the new Fantastic 4 movie, which, while it wasn't anything groundbreaking, I still really liked. It felt a bit like The Martian (2015), which is one of my favorite movies. Also, the end-credits scene is pretty exciting!

As for the time today we weren't together celebrating, I was playing Minecraft. I don't normally like ordinary single-player survival mode very much (I don't think I've played it seriously in years), but I recently watched (at the recommendation of a great friend) About Oliver playing it without any prior knowledge, and seeing him figuring out everything on his own really renewed my interest in the game (I recommend watching the edited-down supercuts of the playthrough by Eelis on YouTube). However, I have too much knowledge of the game to replicate Oliver's wonderment, so I decided to handicap myself by using commands to give myself only one heart of health. The resulting game-mode far more fun than I could have anticipated, and it completely changes how the game has to be played! Since every enemy can now kill you in one hit, you have to be incredibly vigilant whenever you're carrying anything valuable, and you have to make very excessive and creative use of beds to set your spawn. Keep in mind, this is coming from someone who is already very bad at staying alive in early survival mode, so if you're familiar with the game and fairly bored with normal survival, I would absolutely give this a try!
Here's the command you need to set your health: /attribute @s minecraft:max_health base set 2

This turned out to be a very long post; fitting for a very long day!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7/8/25

11:21
For the past week or so, I've been feeling very fatigued and low-energy all the time, with no discernable cause, but I think it's finally starting to go away, and I think I finally know what was causing it. Unfortunately, that knowledge came with the realization that I am very ill. I think I've been feeling fatigued all the time because my body has been allocating a bunch of its energy to my immune system. There were minor clues before-- occasional headaches and sneezing-- but I chalked it up to coincidence until this morning, where my nose has been super runny since I woke up two hours ago. Knowing that the fatigue is just sickness, though, is a relief, because that means it'll just pass.

In other news, I've spent most of my morning looking for a laptop for college, and I've found a decent Lenovo Thinkpad for $650 that I can turn into a good one for an additional ~$80 by adding more RAM and an external optical drive. Now, I just need to find a good distribution of Linux; I've been wanting to migrate to Linux for a while, and this seems like the perfect time.


20:12
$700 is too expensive! I found a similar Thinkpad on eBay with two key differences: the first is that this one is broken and sucks; the second is that it costs $40. Repairing it, however, will be FREE, and refurbishing it will only cost ~$175, which cuts the total price down to a third of buying a new one! I'll have to see if I can actually repair the thing before I can order the parts to make it not suck, though.


20:34
I had not before seen the magic of eBay, but now I understand. Laptop haggled for $30 (thanks, Mom!), the RAM I want should cost around $50, and I found someone selling a 4 TERABYTE SSD for FORTY DOLLARS!!!!!! I bought the SSD immediately because that seems like a once-in-a-lifetime deal. Total cost of this laptop should now come out to around $120. It's weird to think that I would have just ended up spending more than $600 extra for little to no reason if I hadn't taken Computer Security and Repair as an elective last school year. Thank you, Mr. Hughes!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

8/8/25

14:03
Didn't feel great this morning, but the day is improving; not much has really happened, though. I heard that the Unofficial Homestuck Collection was being taken down, so I downloaded a copy for archival purposes (and because I wanna reread it sometime soon). Also, today is the 11th anniversary of the release of Five Nights at Freddy's, as well as the 12th anniversary of the release of Cookie Clicker, which is cool.




