6/10/25 (D/M/YY)

21:24
Okay, firstly, sorry for missing blog posts for 3 days. Honestly, I don't really know why that happened. It sorta feels like a ton has been going on recently, but there was still a lot of time spent doing nothing (as per usual), so IDRK why it kept slipping my mind to update this.

Secondly, IT WAS SOY!!!
As the astute readers remember, I've been experiencing a lot of fatigue recently, as well as just general difficulty with thinking (the latter of which I haven't really expressed as much on here), and I have pretty bad acne. Something I haven't mentioned on here (mostly because I thought it was normal in regards to how much I ate) is that I consistently feel bloated after eating. So, that leads us to a few days ago, when as per usual, I am wasting time on YouTube when I should be doing something important.

It's some video about protein combining or whatever, and I'm just looking through the comments, and I saw a random thread about diet-related stuff making people moody and tired; being in a desperate mood and too tired to do anything more important, I went through the thread looking into each of the little nutrients and supplements and whatnot that people were talking about. Then, I come across someone saying that they have a soy allergy, so I look up the symptoms and get a result for soy intolerance. Fatigue, brain fog, skin issues, and gastrointestinal issues. It seemed like a perfect fit, so I looked to see if the stuff I was eating had much soy.

Literally EVERY meal that I had been eating for the past month (and likely even further than that) contained soy. It is genuinely insane to me how prevalent it is.

Fortunately, the burgers in the campus cafeteria don't contain soy, so I stopped eating the fries (which do) with them, and replaced them with a slice of pizza. Obviously, this is not a very healthy diet, but it has been like two or three days of this, and the change has been SO DRASTIC! My skin is clearing up, my stomach feels fine after eating, and I finally feel like I have full control over my brain for the first time in MONTHS!

I'm still not *certain* that it's soy (despite the seemingly positive results, there are still a bunch of possible confounding variables), but I'm going home next weekend, and McDonald's, Burger King, and Little Caesar's food all contains soy, and it's more than likely that we'll get one of those while I'm there, so if the symptoms come back shortly after, I'll pretty much have confirmation.

Also, as of today, I feel like I have a much easier time just chilling out and taking a break, even when something is undone and urgently due (which, as you may have guessed, happened today). I'm not sure how much of that is related to the intolerance, though; it could've been a sort of emotional epiphany unrelated to my diet, or it could've been the change in diet that gave me the emotional stability and mental clarity that I needed. Either way, I'm absolutely gonna try to keep this going for as long as possible.

I also managed to make my Dracula prank work over the weekend, but this post is already way long, so I'll explain that either tomorrow or whenever there's an update on the Dracula situation.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

7/10/25

22:47
Ohhhhh I am so very happy with myself today! Well, maybe not *today* so much as the last few hours.

Here's the situation: my ethics midterm is next week, and the class is self-paced, meaning that all of the assignments are due this Sunday (5 days from today). I am three weeks behind. The assignments are packaged in weekly modules, and each module is very interconnected, so I consider the whole thing to be one assignment; this means that I have 3 very long assignments to do in 5 days. I was very committed to getting one done today, but I let time slip by until it was around 9 PM; one of these assignments usually takes me around 3 to 4 hours, and I want decent sleep, so I figured I missed my shot and that I could not do the whole thing tonight.

Suddenly, a bright thought emerges: "Okay, well, I can't do the whole thing, but I can at least do half tonight (the relevant readings) and do the rest tomorrow, which will still put me in a better position." However, since I had so carelessly let time slip away, I figured I was far too distractible at the moment to get any meaningful amount of reading done and/or retain any of it. Normally, I'm quite certain, this is where I would have gotten all mopey and given up. But! I decided to just try it out to see, and if I got too easily distracted, I would just quit early and relax for the night.

I swear to you, I got through that assignment faster than I have ever done it before. Not just the half of it that I had planned to do. THE WHOLE THING. It's INSANE.

There was still a modicum of doubt in my mind about whether or not it truly was the soy causing my issues, but no more. where doing it man. where MAKING THIS HAPEN.

I'm probably just gonna wait on more Dracula developments to explain that because this post is once again long and I am once again sleepy GOODNIGHT

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

11/10/25

12:00
Okay, perhaps the soy-free diet wasn't quite as great as I thought. In addition to missing blog-posting for three days, I got basically nothing done in that time (until yesterday) and my acne came back with a vengeance. HOWEVER, this doesn't necessarily disprove the theory, because I was distracted from doing work by getting super into Terraria again, and to offset the Calorie loss from cutting the soy-containing meals from my diet, I started drinking soda and juice every day, which is bad for my acne because of all the sugar, and the remaining Calorie loss may have also led to fatigue, worsening my work issues.

Fortunately, all  of this is fixable! I came back home for the weekend yesterday, and I've already been more productive (any time I hadn't spent watching movies or eating dinner with my parents, I spent doing homework) simply because I don't have Terraria on my laptop (not that it could run it anyway :P). Later today, we're gonna go to the store to get me a bunch of soy-free food, which should help with my acne and slight fatigue.

Unfortunately, I'm probably not gonna stop playing Terraria, because I'm not even yet at the spot where I quit last time, and if I stop playing for too long then I'll forget the details of my world and want to start another one, and I REALLY wanna finally beat Expert Mode (which will also be my very first time beating the game without Journey Mode). However, I think I can have the best of both worlds if I just stop playing the game in splitscreen, with YouTube playing on the other half of the screen. As silly as this may sound, Terraria is a fairly mentally-intensive game, and watching YouTube alongside it can be pretty draining, which I think is leaving me too tired to actually do work; plus, if I'm not watching YouTube with it, I'll probably get bored of the game a bit more quickly, which should prevent me from spending the entire day on it.

This weekend, I've got quite a bit of homework to do (along with a bunch of other stuff), but pretty much everything is due by Sunday night, and this week is Fall Break, meaning that I also have Monday and Tuesday off, so I can spend that time however I want. Since I don't have games, of course, I'll basically be forced to use that time to work on my board game; the final stroke of my master plan! I can't recall if I've ever mentioned my board game on here (I think I have), but if I haven't: I'm making a board game.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12/10/25

9:18
Meant to update again yesterday, but I forgot. I got picked up by my friends and had a good time with them, but I ended up not doing the homework I meant to get done, which means that I need to do all of it today (because it's all due today). Fortunately, I am LOCKED IN! I went to bed at 10 last night, woke up at 7 today, and I'm ready to go. Hopefully. Definitely.

22:02
HUZZAH! I am victorious.

I was absolutely NOT 'ready to go' when I made that post, as it took me another four hours to get started on the homework, but I did it, and I did some stuff for my mom, AND we went to Walmart as planned (to find soy-free foods). After Walmart, it was 7:30, and I wanted to go to bed at 10, but I still had my last Ethics assignment to do, and they usually take about three hours. I remembered earlier today that we get two free passes to skip an Ethics assignment each semester, so I decided to use that for the last one. Then, as I was about to submit the free pass, I decided to just try and get the assignment done quickly, mainly just to see if I could. Not only could I, but I also did it quicker than I ever have!! It only took me like an hour and a half, which was awesome.

I still feel like I should go to bed at 10 (which is now), but I don't really feel very tired, so IDK. I'll probably at least try, but I doubt I'll fall asleep.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

14/10/25

14:05
Missed another one. Bollocks. It was mostly because not much happened yesterday. I went to the Secretary of State to get my state ID, which will be mailed to me within a few weeks, and I watched the first Mission: Impossible again with family (since they hadn't seen it, and they liked Rogue Nation). Other than that, I basically just watched YouTube on my laptop and ate sour gummy worms all day. Fortunately, not getting anything done isn't so bad right now, because I have no homework left in the near future on account of this week being midterms. Speaking of college, I'm going back to campus later today.

I went to bed at eleven last night (and at ten the night before, to follow up on the previous post), but I woke up today at 10:45, which does not bode well for my sleep schedule. I took a nap yesterday, though, and I evidently still managed to get more than decent sleep, so maybe it won't be so bad. Or it'll be bad in the opposite direction.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

15/10/25

24:39
I'M NOT LATE! THIS COUNTS!

Today was a classic 'didn't really do anything' day, but I've been able to get everything done that *needs* to get done; I'm just having trouble with everything extra. Specifically, I gotta do my Ethics study guide, then the midterm, but more so I really wanna work on my board game. I think I just gotta get myself in the mindset of getting *really* invested in making it; I haven't gotten really invested in a project in ages.

Okay that's all for now goodnight

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

17/10/25

21:11

Bluhhhhhh

I missed yesterday only because there was a bunch of stuff going on, most of which I am proud of/glad for, but I totally whiffed it today.

Yesterday, I took my midterm for my Arduino class, and I think I did pretty well (BTW, I also took my Intro to Programming midterm on Wednesday, which I completely forgot to mention when I posted; I think I also did well on that), then I was in my dorm waiting for family dinner. I knew that I had to do my Ethics stuff (as planned in my previous post), so I started the study guide, but it was very very long and fill-in-the-blank, which I really didn't want to do. After getting through a bit of it, I decided to just check the exam post itself (it's a fully online class, so you can take the exam whenever in the week given), and I saw that we had unlimited attempts with no time limit, and it kept the highest score. So, I decided to just try giving it a go without doing the study guide on a whim. There were 130 questions, and I got 127 correct. BOOYAH!

Riding high on my success on both midterms, and now lacking any homework, I planned to get a bunch of work done tomorrow (now today) since I only had one class in the morning, so I had basically the whole day. Then I went to family dinner, and had Little Caesar's.

Fun fact: Little Caesar's pizza contains soy.
Less fun fact: I have not done anything today.

I guess the silver lining to this is that I'm now basically positive that the soy intolerance is real; I only made the connection between the pizza yesterday and my inability to work today right before writing this, so it couldn't've been placebo. I also now know that, apparently, one meal with soy is enough to make me waste an entire day. I was intending to write that morosely, but now that I'm thinking about it, I actually am really glad about learning that; it's really good for me to know exactly how things will affect me, and this really puts into perspective how even just one 'cheat meal' will completely screw me over.

I was actually considering skipping blogging today as well, and the only reason I decided to actually post was because I watched a YouTube video about internet addiction earlier, which led me to close all of my social media stuff, which immediately led to me being completely bored :P . This isn't my first time trying to quit social media, but I'm hoping that it will be the last. There's a tough middle ground I'll have to deal with regarding Discord, though, since it's my main form of communication with my friends, but I feel like it's still designed in a way that goads the user into spending as much time on it as possible, which makes it bad in the same way that YouTube and Reddit are for me (except Discord has the benefit of actually talking with friends); I'll probably (hopefully) look into a different client for Discord and see if that helps, but it might just be the inherent nature of the application.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

18/10/25

21:48
EXCELLENT day today!

I was very productive today, which is a little ironic, because I'm pretty sure I would feel like I didn't really do much of anything today IF I hadn't developed a BRILLIANT new strategy. Essentially, it's just a to-do list. BUT! It's a GENIUS to-do list! For literally any random thought I had today of "Oh I should do this", I wrote it down in a Notepad document, and then whenever I did it, I just marked it as done and sorted it accordingly (to separate what's done from undone).

While this seems too simple to matter at all, it's actually been very useful! For one, marking down every little idea I have of what to do forces me to consistently look back at the list, ensuring that I don't forget what needs to get done simply by forgetting to check the list. Additionally, it functions great as a log of every little thing I've gotten done throughout the day, which makes me feel way more productive than I likely otherwise would. Lastly, it pairs VERY well with quitting a bunch of social media; since there've been so many more opportunities to get bored, I'm much more likely to say "Okay, I might as well do some work", and since the 'work' is mostly just little simple things, I get the joy of productivity without the pain of extended effort, which will (hopefully) quickly condition me into getting stuff done more often!

Speaking of quitting social media, I'm still going strong! I realize that a single day is a bit early to be celebrating, but I genuinely think this might be the longest I've gone without watching YouTube. Of course, it's not like I haven't been watching *anything*, but the things I've been watching-- TV and movies-- are things I've been meaning to watch for a while, so it feels sorta like I'm doing something productive by watching them. Also, they are WAY less addictive than YouTube; in fact, I've been consistently getting bored of the show I'm currently watching after just an episode, finding myself moving on to something else for a little while (I can't really tell if this is because I don't really like the show or if my attention-span has been so fried from constant simultaneous YouTube and Terraria; maybe a bit of both).

Speaking of watching stuff (today is a good day for segues!), I (re)watched Ricky Stanicky today with my buddy, and that is a GREAT FILM! Very fun times. If you haven't seen it, most of it is very lowbrow humour, but if you go into it with that expectation, it's really good.

The only real blemish on today has been my sleep. I woke up a bit later than I'd like, but that's to be expected on a Saturday. The real issue is that I took a nap for about an hour, which I'm worried will make it hard to sleep. I suppose we'll see!

0:21
Drat! Can't sleep. They say midnight is the most creative time, though, so I'll see if I can get a bit of stuff done.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

19/10/25

20:59
BWAH! Whiffed it again.

I assume it's because I got terrible sleep. I ended up going to bed at like 2:30 AM last night, and I woke up at like 10:30 today. Not good! I didn't even end up doing anything last night either; I was mostly just reading through an argument in a public Discord server as it unfolded (which WAS fun, but not a great use of my time).

I was mostly just on Discord today, too, which I think is what led to me ending up watching YouTube again (failed on day 2 :/). It's all interconnected! Discord is pulling my strings in the exact same way that YouTube and Reddit are, so I've really gotta find a better solution for it.

One thing I DID do right today, though, was watching "Mission: Impossible - Fallout". INCREDIBLE FILM!! The series really does just keep getting better and better. In fact, this is the point where I absolutely recommend that you watch all the Mission: Impossible movies if you like action films at all. I would just say to watch this one, but it builds off of the previous installments a lot more than the others. Totally worth it, though.

I think I should also write these blog posts more often. For one, my little movie review would be a lot more detailed and passionate if I had written it right after, and for two, I always feel like it sorta 'centers' me; even if I had a bleh day, writing a blog post typically makes me feel better (unless it's just a mopey "Didn't do anything; goodnight" post). Plus, if I say I'll do something soon in a blog post, I'll feel extra guilty if I don't end up doing it, and that could be decent encouragement.

Anyway, I'm gonna try to get good sleep tonight (I successfully avoided a nap today! Though I think I may still need melatonin). I found out on Friday that I have an exam tomorrow, so I'll need good rest for that. I'll try to find a better Discord solution before I go to bed, though.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

20/10/25

10:30
Just took my Calc 3 exam. Was a little more rough than I was expecting, but I'm PRETTY sure I still got everything right. And I didn't use my calculator or the notes sheet that we were allowed, so even if I get a few points off I'll still have bragging rights.

I ended up going to bed at midnight last night and waking up today at 5:30. I was woken up by my roommate's snoring, as is now common, and I couldn't fall back asleep. I should probably talk to him about that. It's one of those things where I get irritated about it in the moment, but afterwards I don't really care at all; I do care a bit now though, since I've realized that low-quality sleep is probably not doing any favors for my brain.

17:47
Finally did the laundry I've been putting off for half the week. It seems like it's getting easier to get myself to do stuff now, but I'm getting distracted by any leisure stuff that I have available, or rather, I'm not getting distracted *enough*, since it seems like I'm just getting way too focused on it. This would bode well for my board game if I ever actually get around to working on it,,,

What I've been distracted with recently was "OneShot". I'm not sure if I've mentioned it on the blog before, but it's a REALLY cool and unique game. I absolutely recommend that you go play it, which is a little hypocritical of me, because I just watched a playthrough :P

My Intro to Programming class was also a bit fun today. It was the first class since our midterm last week, and we were just going over the problems from the midterm, so like three people showed up. At one point, the professor just started talking about her five cats, and she ended up dismissing us like an hour early.

This post ended up being in reverse-chronological order for some reason. Curious!

20:05
I had a nice dinner with my dormmates and a couple of their friends. We started to watch a football game but I got bored and left (and then most of them got bored and left). I wanna work on my board game tonight, but I don't know if I'll end up doing that.

22:10
Didn't end up doing that. Did make an appointment with my academic advisor though, which I've been meaning to do for weeks (to go over my class registration plans).

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------











-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

26/10/25

13:34
Oops.

Since this was the longest span without a blog post since I started the damn thing, I figured I should put that blank space there to really emphasize it.

A lot has happened in the past ENTIRE WEEK, and it would all read a lot better had I typed it as it was going on, but alas.

For starters, on Tuesday, the day after my last post, I don't think I did much during the day, but at the end of the day, 
Okay. Hold that thought. I just remembered I need to explain the whole Dracula prank.

Okay, picture this: It is September 11th. My dorm's floor has had papers taped to the walls advertising an Instagram group chat for the floor, but the people organizing the group chat had recently swapped them out for ones with more ominous messaging (e.g. the QR code to the group chat, with "We won't ask again." written below). Admittedly, this tactic worked perfectly on me; I thought it was funny, and it made me want to join the group chat. The problem, however, was that I did not have an Instagram account, because I absolutely hate Instagram. However, I hatched a scheme that would make it all worth it, and on this fateful day, I decided to enact my plan.

I was going to roleplay as Dracula. That was the plan. I set up a whole Dracula account, and I made a fake post. For some reason, I wanted the account to have a bit of age before I joined the group chat as Dracula, so I waited, made a second post, then waited a bit longer. Then, on September 23rd, I finally scanned the QR code to join the group chat. Then it told me that this couldn't be done on the browser, and I had to install the app. Fine. I installed the app, and I scanned the QR code again. This fucking website told me "This feature is only available to some users". WHY??? FOR WHAT POSSIBLE REASON??? I thought that my problems were contained to the browser, which I just dealt with because I didn't wanna use my phone; I thought that they would at LEAST have their bullshit figured out on the actual app that everyone actually uses, BUT IT STILL DOESN'T WORK!!! FOR NO REASON!! Ridiculous.

I then looked online to see if anyone else had this issue, and I saw that someone had experienced it in a way that made it seem like it just affects random accounts, which prompted the following exchange between me and my buddy:
"maybe see if it'll let you join on the regular jabiveir account?"
"I don't wanna do that because it'll probably work and then I'll be like 'Faaaahhhhck' and have to make a new Dracula account"

Cut to October 5th. I make a new Dracula account, try to join the group chat, and it works perfectly. Completely stupid, but at least I'm in. Then, I have a lot of fun acting like Dracula, people are like "Oh my god it's Dracula", and it's great. What I didn't realize before joining, however, is that, despite the high member count, the group chat is very inactive, so after the initial reaction to Dracula, there wasn't much to do. What I did see, though, was that they occasionally held a game night in the little community room on the floor, which seemed fun, so I wanted to go. I was just hoping they wouldn't realize that I didn't actually have a personal account in the group chat, because otherwise it would've been easy to piece together that I was Dracula. Unfortunately, they consistently either held game night when I was busy, or I just didn't see the message until after, so I just had to wait for a good opportunity.

Finally, that brings us to Tuesday, October 21st. I saw the message saying "Game night at 8", and I was pretty much free that day. Then, literally ten minutes before I'm about to go there, I check the group chat again and see the message "Dracula better be there".

Something that I don't think I've mentioned on this blog yet is that, when I first moved into my dorm, I was already bringing a white dress shirt and black dress pants for formal stuff (like interviews), so, on a whim, I thought it would be funny to also bring my Dracula cape, because it was the last thing necessary for a complete Dracula costume.

Needless to say, Dracula was there.

It was super fun, and I definitely wanna go to more game nights in the future (though probably not dressed as Dracula again), and it's awesome to have gotten basically the perfect payoff to the Dracula bit. Also I broke my watch when I was taking off the costume (whoops!). Also also, I just remembered, I left and came back with PERFECT timing, such that none of my dormmates saw me as Dracula, which means I can still surprise them with it at some point!

See, this is exactly why I shouldn't've gone so long without posting. This is already a contender for longest post, and I have like five more days of stuff to go through.

Fortunately for the length of this post, and unfortunately for me, Wednesday and Thursday were very uneventful. I got way back into Terraria again, which is terrible news for my productivity, but at least it's fun. On Friday, I had family dinner, which was the first time that I had seen my sister in around a month (since she had missed other family dinners and was away when I came back home around two weeks ago), and that was nice, but I don't remember much of anything else from that day.

Lastly was yesterday, wherein I planned to get a bunch done. Guess what I didn't do. I actually did get done the stuff that was due that day, and I did a lot of nutrition research. This research was prompted by. Dammit. Okay so another thing that I forgot about was that, near the start of the week, I was looking up soy-free snacks (because of my suspected soy intolerance), and I saw that yogurt was listed as a good option, so I looked up yogurt nutrition and I found that it is actually one of the best foods EVER in regards to how well the protein is absorbed into the body (as well as just being jam-packed with the stuff), so I found a really healthy-looking brand and got it with my groceries on Friday. Okay so, back to yesterday, I actually tried the yogurt, and it was alright; felt and tasted a bit strange, but it was tolerable, and the health benefits definitely made it worth eating. Then, my mouth started feeling a bit weird. It felt the very same way that it feels when I eat something I'm mildly allergic to.

After my initial "Aw god dammit" reaction, I looked to the ingredients list, and I saw that there were very few, which I was very glad to see, because I knew it would allow me to put to rest a mystery that I have been contending with for a long while now. I tried a few brands of meal replacement shakes a while ago, and I had that same mild allergic reaction to all of them, so I cross-referenced the ingredients on the yogurt with the ingredients on one of the shakes, Kate Farms, and found that locust bean gum was in both. I looked it up, and not only can you be allergic to locust bean gum, but it is cross-reactive with (more common with) a peanut allergy, which I also have. Unfortunately, I should've looked at the ingredients of the other shakes as well, because I did that just now and found that neither have locust bean gum (though they do have other gums that come from the same family, so it might've been those. Or it could be an artificial sweetener allergy or something).

Anyway, I fell down a bit of a rabbit hole in regards to allergies, and I discovered that my soy intolerance might not actually be just an intolerance. Apparently, there is a type of allergy that can not only have effects on every part of the body (like my reactions), and not only have these effects last several days (like my reactions), but these reactions can also be DELAYED and not show up for several days after you ate the inciting food (up to like a week), which basically sends me back to square one for figuring out what's causing my problems. Oh yeah, I almost forgot; I also discovered that soybean oil, which is purportedly in such low concentration of soy protein that it shouldn't cause a reaction in sensitive individuals (which is not always true), has about the same concentration of soy protein as soy lecithin, and all of the stuff I got to replace my food that contained soy (as soy lecithin) contains soybean oil. This means that there's basically no difference between the two, so I'm REALLY starting back at square one.

Fortunately, thanks to the power of eating the same three or four things almost every day, I can slowly figure this out. I've narrowed it down to basically four possible things: soy, gluten, dairy (maybe), or meat (very unlikely, but possible). If I stop eating fast food at family dinner (and just make a sandwich or something I guess) and get gluten-and-soy-free variations of my food (and I'm sure to never eat anything outside of my routine), I should reliably not be consuming any soy, gluten, or dairy. That leaves meat as a possibility, but I really doubt that's the issue; cutting all three out is basically just to test whether or not it's really a diet problem at all (which I'm not even really sure of anymore). If cutting all three out works, I'll reintroduce one at a time into my diet to test exactly which one it is; though if I react to one, I'm still gonna test the rest, since I have a suspicion that it's both soy and gluten. All of that testing will have to start next week though.

Okay. Longest blog post ever. I'm done now. For reference, the time I put at the top of these posts is when I start writing. It is 15:20 now.

20:44
Didn't get much of anything done today until just now. I was feeling very down (because I couldn't get anything done), and then I considered, what if I just completely stopped caring? My ultimate goal is always to maximize my happiness, and my current efforts seem to be minimizing it. While a perfectly rational version of me would realize that I would enjoy my free time more if it was truly free, thus I should do all of my work as soon as possible, such that I have completely nothing to worry about doing, in reality I am not quite rational enough to achieve this. Counter-intuitively, the next most rational option seems *not* to be to try very hard and fail to achieve that, but instead to cut my losses and not worry about assignments and work until right before it needs to be done, freely enjoying my time otherwise; if it is likely that I will procrastinate until right before the deadline anyway, it is most rational to simply skip the worry and instead make that a part of the plan.

However, this led me to an even more revolutionary idea: what if I just pretended to be perfectly rational? I suppose it's not really pretending, as rationality is mostly about the thinking, but my main issue is not in realizing what I ought to do, but in getting myself to do it. I've known for ages that it's good to do work early, but as I was returning to my room from getting some water, this thought process led me to actually think about *why* I should care about that: the work will take around the same amount of time no matter what, which means I will be left with the same amount of free time no matter what, but the free time spent after the work is complete will be more enjoyable, more valuable, than that spent before, so to maximize my happiness, I should maximize the value of my free time, so I should maximize how much free time is spent after the work is done, versus before, meaning that I should do my work as early as possible. For some reason, I think knowing the semi-in-depth reasoning for why a course of action is better makes it easier to follow through on it. Additionally, rationality (even 'pretend') is not much beholden to emotion, so my thought process stopped being clouded by how sad and tired I felt, which made doing the work seem actually really easy when I pictured myself doing it. And then, of course, I sat down and did it.

Of course, this isn't a trick to get me to work constantly (unfortunately), as there's always gonna be exceptions; I still have some Ethics I wanna do, but I wanna go to bed in about an hour, and Ethics takes me around 2-3 hours to do, and I feel better about doing an assignment when I do it all in one go (and the Ethics work is a bit harder if you split it up), so the rational option for tonight would be to just relax until bed time. But this is where I've realized that I've lost the forest for the leaves. I really value my ability to do work, but it, as with all things, ultimately only serves the goal of maximizing my happiness. I guess I just sorta subconsciously figured that, since doing work makes me happy, both short-term (usually) and long-term, that I should just maximize work (with breaks sometimes because I hear those are good) to maximize happiness, but when I lay it out like that, it becomes obvious that this is a very flawed mental shortcut.

Or maybe this is another one of those things that I think is gonna be revolutionary and then I just forget about it the next day :P






