4/11/25 (DD/MM/YY)

18:17
Forgot twice again :P

Sunday was pretty good; I was productive most of the day, and I watched Mission: Impossible 3 with family (I forgot how good that one was). Yesterday was a bit worse, but still decent; I didn't do much of anything until near midnight, at which point I had to rush to do an assignment for Intro to Programming. Today is seeming similar to yesterday, but now that I'm thinking about it, not only do I still have a bunch of time left, but also my last class only ended like 2.5 hours ago, so I haven't really wasted *that* much time. I should still get working now, though.

I also saw a policeman on a horse today when I was walking back from class. I had never really realized until now how huge horses are. I have no clue why they were there though.

I've been wanting to do something for my website, but I feel like I've gotta get on top of my schoolwork first. I've also been wanting to get a job, join/found a club, watch a bunch of things on my to-watch list, and start reading. I meant to make that a long, exhaustive list to illustrate (mostly to myself) that I can't really achieve all of these things at once, but honestly it seems pretty doable (unless I'm forgetting something, which I probably am). My biggest obstacle is still my schoolwork though, and by that I mean I need to get myself to realize that there's always going to be schoolwork, so I shouldn't try to wait until I have none left to start everything else.

18:44
Okay I got sidetracked and forgot to actually post that. And now I've wasted more time. Bluh.

Maybe I should stop thinking of time not spent working as being wasted. But also I feel like that will lead directly to less work being done. IDK

22:33
I applied for position(s) at my campus's libraries with a newly-improved resume and a newly-made cover letter. I'm fairly confident I'll get a response, but I could honestly see it going either way. I also added an "About" section to the main site, which I felt like it needed.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

5/11/25

22:06
Today was a good day! I had fun times and productive times in equal measure. I finally beat Golem in Terraria this morning (apparently the Terra Blade makes it super easy), and I spent a lot of the rest of the day dawdling in the game. Then, in the evening, I did some Ethics work (of which I just need to do one more and I'll be caught up) and I planned out all of my class scheduling for next semester's registration (which should be open in two hours). I ran out of stuff to watch on YouTube, and instead of turning on my recommendations or looking through my subscriptions, I'm gonna watch 12 Angry Men (which I've been meaning to rewatch) while setting up my new laptop.

I also kinda feel like I've been getting really lucky recently. There's the locked out story I mentioned before, but there's also a bunch of other things like that which have happened recently (though none as improbable as that one). While I can't think of many examples off the top of my head, this morning I had a quiz in my programming class, but I realized 10 minutes before I had to leave that I forgot to charge my laptop yesterday, so I plugged it in for those 10 minutes and had to hope that it gave it enough charge to last the quiz; then, I took the shortest quiz I'd ever taken in the class, because the professor wanted to spend the latter half of the class lecturing. The amount of battery I used makes me think that I probably still could've lasted a full-length quiz, but it still feels like, once again, I was completely bailed out by luck. It's a strange feeling, because on one hand, it's obviously awesome, but on the other hand, I can't shake the feeling of impending doom, thinking about when my luck is gonna run out, and not much will be there to catch my fall. I could try to figure out what's keeping the spirits in good favor, but I can't even seem to figure out what I'm allergic to, so I doubt I'll be able to do that.

I suppose I've been pretty altruistic lately. Maybe that karma is coming back to me, but I'm not really the superstitious type, so IDK.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

6/11/25

22:28
Another pretty good day today. Not as much productive times, but I did everything that needed to be done, so I guess that's enough.

I never ended up setting up my laptop, since the trackpad is apparently basically unusable, but I'm getting a mouse for it soon. I also finished 12 Angry Men this morning, GREAT FILM! I also also finished watching through the "OneShot" solstice ending this afternoon, which was incredible. The pancake episode is also awesome.

Feels like my acne is getting a bit worse. Should probably stop having soda with lunch.

I also think I was wrong about having a soy intolerance. I've been eating the fries in the cafeteria again, which contain soy, and I feel completely fine (debatably better, though that's probably from potato magic and a lack of greasy pizza, not from soy).

I'm finding it a lot easier to not waste away browsing my YouTube recommendations, but I haven't exactly stopped wasting away; I've been spending a lot more time on Reddit. I feel like Reddit is easier to stop using (at least temporarily) than YouTube though, so I think I'll be fine.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------


-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

9/11/25

10:42
Had another bout of apathy, which is why I missed two days (despite basically doing nothing in that time). Not good! I DID, however, watch the last two Mission: Impossible movies, and they were AWESOME!! The last one especially feels like a love letter to the series as a whole. I also had a nice family dinner last night, and played a lot of Terraria, but other than that I did pretty much nothing.

But it's okay, because I'm gonna LOCK IN today. For suresies. I made a whole plan and everything to make sure that everything gets done. I have already gone completely off-track and altered the plan, and it has only been like 30 minutes since I woke up, but it's fine I got this.

Also it's snowing outside right now; first one of the winter. That's neat.

20:56
Four days ago, when I was talking about my lucky streak, I remarked on how my luck was bound to run out soon. It happened today. I had to skip a bunch of stuff on my to-do list because some unfortunate thing or another made me unable to do it for each of them, and I've had to deal with a new cold sore the whole day. I'm pretty sure this is the fourth cold sore that I've had since August, which is far more frequent than they have ever shown up. I did still get a lot of stuff done today, though, which is nice. I got an Ethics thing done, and I was gonna do a second one, but I checked how long the next module is and it's the length of at least two normal ones, so I decided to just call it for the night. Hope I'm luckier tomorrow.





