9/9/25 (D/M/YY)

21:01
Hi! This is the second block of this blog. Unless you're real good at gathering things from inference, I would suggest reading the first block before this one to get some context; I don't wanna write a whole bunch of recap. This block will end at the end of September (if I remember).

Anyway, I HATE THE UNIVERSITY CAFETERIA!!! I am, unfortunately, a picky eater, so there are very few things there that I like, none of them are healthy, and there doesn't seem to be a SINGLE consistently available menu item. I just went down there, and I wanted to get a burger, fries, and apple juice. I go to the burger station, a woman is cooking there, but she says that it's closed. Okay. I settle for having pasta instead, I go to the pasta station, and theres no plates. Alright. I go get a plate from a different station, get some pasta, then go to get fries. I see a person taking out every last remaining fry from the tray. Annoying, but fine. I go to get my apple juice, put my cup under the dispenser labelled "APPLE JUICE", and water comes out. Now I'm pissed.

I would absolutely LOVE to just stop going, but for first-year students, they FORCE you to buy a meal plan for the cafeteria, and the cheapest option (which I got) is TWO THOUSAND DOLLARS PER SEMESTER. We're already struggling to pay for all of this, so adding on food to that sunk cafeteria cost isn't very viable, so I'm just stuck dealing with this miserable place for the entire school year. Typically in a situation like this, I would think to myself, "Oh, well, I've made it this far! Surely I can see it through!" The problem with that, though, is that it has been THREE WEEKS. Grumble grumble grumble,,,,

Anywho, the rest of the day was fine. Got some work done, but less than I would have liked. Won't have anything due until Saturday now, though, which is nice (and should give me time to do the Ethics stuff that I STILL HAVEN'T DONE). I'm kinda left wondering where all the time went today; I really don't feel like I wasted that much time, but I barely spent any time actually getting stuff done. Curious. I got a really high daily score today, though (and there's still room to get it higher)!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

10/9/25

20:11
Played Terraria all day today. Again. I should really just take a break, but I've been meaning to finally beat the game without Journey Mode for a long while now, and I know that if my break lasts too long, I'll forget all the details of my world and just want to start a new one. At least this is a good time of the school year to do this; I don't have that much to do yet (I think. I still haven't even looked at my Ethics stuff).

0:15
LOCKED IN at the end! Thank you to that one person that made a very motivational Reddit post. Also had a fun time with my roommates to end the night. AND I got a new personal best on my daily score (mostly from the consistency bonus since yesterday was so productive). Overall, great day!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

11/9/25

14:06
I signed up for an online meeting for building resumes and stuff (since I think my resume is terrible), but I only realized last night that the meeting was in the middle of my Arduino class today. So, I had to go to my Arduino class, check out the kit that's needed to do the assignments, leave immediately, then go back to my dorm, join the meeting, and look at the class slides and do the assignment on my own. I was perfectly fine with that, but then I joined the meeting, and it turned out that the meeting had been cancelled due to technical difficulties. The host sent out notifications about this through Handshake (some website), but I signed up for the meeting through Get Involved (some other website), which recieved no such notification. So I basically skipped class for nothing. Grumble grumble grumble

23:36
Didn't end up doing too much today, but I still had a good time. That seems to be a recurring theme.

Also almost got scammed out of all of the money in my and my father's bank accounts. Oops. For my readers: if you get unsolicited e-mail about any sort of remote assistance job offer, there is a 99% chance it is a scam. They get you (generally) by asking for your bank, its routing number, and your account number; employers need these three things to set up direct deposit, but they can also be used to make fraudulent transactions with your bank account. What tipped me off in this case, aside from the general too-good-to-be-true offer, was that they accepted my application very quickly without needing a resume or cover letter or anything, and that they never once mentioned the name of the organization that they were working with (it was a sort of 'personal assistant' job). While these might seem like fairly obvious things, they can be very subtle in the moment; if I weren't so paranoid, I wouldn't have thought twice about this offer, and I would've gotten scammed. When it comes to money, NEVER LET YOUR GUARD DOWN!

Anyway, I also went to family dinner and it was nice. I would like to bear down and get a bunch of work done tomorrow, but I think we all now how this story goes by now. Although, it might be my acute awareness and acceptance of this flaw that's exacerbating it; whenever I commit to closing all my social media and make a strict plan to spend a day working, I almost always follow through. I guess I'll try that tomorrow.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

12/9/25

20:26
Didn't work. Bluhhhhhh

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

13/9/25

22:32
IT WORKED!!!! HUZZAH! I am a champion of discipline and a golden god of diligence.

From noon until half an hour ago, the only things that I have done are work and eat. I feel like most people would look back at a day like this and feel miserable, but I only feel untold exuberance. There were a bunch of points throughout the day where I thought to myself, "I should just take a quick break. I should do some of this tomorrow. Nyeh nyeh nyeh" BUT I PRESSED ON!! I DID NOT STOP!! I took that little part of my brain that wants to do nothing all day and CHOKED IT INTO SILENCE. I feel unstoppable right now.

My main strategy involved taking my planned bedtime and my start time, then estimating how much time each task would take me (making sure to overestimate), and then subtracting my projected work time from my total time in the day. This left me with 2.5 hours of lenience. I then realized that, if I kept to my schedule strictly enough, I would have enough time at the end of the day to fit in a Mission: Impossible movie, which stopped me from abusing my lenience. It's good that I did that, and it's good that I tried to overestimate how much time each thing would take me, because I went overtime on literally every task (oops!). I also took breaks from working to go eat, which I did in the cafeteria, meaning that there was no screen or TV to watch or anything, making that break function as a full mental rest (which is probably the only thing that kept me from burning out and crashing) without risking getting distracted and wasting a bunch of extra time. These are all very valuable strategies that I will try to employ in the future! I do feel like it involved a fair amount of luck in several places though, so it will be rather hard to replicate. Nevertheless, I AM ELATED!

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

14/9/25

24:07
It's not cheating with the time. I swear. I made it in time it's okay.

Didn't get much productive done today, just finished my resume. It took me surprisingly long to make it; I am very bad at writing about myself. I'm gonna apply for a custodian position soon, but I need to get a copy of my birth certificate first as proof of citizenship (and I should also get a state ID while I'm at it, since I don't have a driver's license). That'll probably have to be next weekend, since I think I'll have to go back home for that.

On the non-productive side of things, though, I did quite a bit! I progressed a lot in my Terraria world (I'm finally playing through the game without Journey Mode, though jumping right into Expert may have been unwise), I had a fun voice call with my Secret Society, and perhaps most importantly, I finally got back to making Jabi Comix!! Hopefully, I'll continue making them a lot more consistently, now that I'm settled into college.

Speaking of Jabi Comix, I really wanna actually get good at art, but I just don't really know if I can do it. I know that I have the potential capability to get good, if I just work hard and consistently enough, but I don't know if I'm gonna be able to keep that consistency or put enough of my time towards it. Plus, with my art skill currently being quite bad, I don't want to publish anything I make, and even without the thought of publishing, it still makes me averse to trying. I can fall back on making funny stuff that doesn't need to be high-quality, but I don't think that's ever gonna push my limits enough to allow me to actually improve; it'll just give me a decent-looking low-quality art style. It also doesn't help that I have a really hard time coming up with original ideas. I have this exact same issue with making music, as well. Oh well! At least I'm good at a bunch of other stuff. Like going to bed on time! Wuh oh.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

15/9/25

22:28
Ordinarily, when I spend most of my time having fun instead of working, I try to avoid considering that a "wasted" day, but I think I actually wasted my day today. I did literally nothing productive aside from going to my classes, and I don't even remember what I actually spent my time on; it's mostly just a blur that I can only assume is Terraria-shaped. I think I'm gonna replace Terraria with Space Pinball and Tetris; both are usually more fun than Terraria, and I tire of them more quickly. I've also started considering doing all of my homework somewhere outside of my room on my crummy laptop, since, like it or not, my PC has essentially become a Happy Fun Machine instead of a multi-purpose tool; changing my environment should help me stay on task. The top of the dorm's stairwell seems like a good candidate; no one ever seems to go there.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

16/9/25

15:50
I was running late to my Arduino class (because I lost track of time :P), and right as I was walking in, the fire alarm went off, and everyone evacuated the building. Very lucky, too, because I was late for a quiz in that class! I also saw an old friend from high school outside the building, and we talked for an hour or so until he had to go to his next class, and that was nice. Even after all that time talking, no one had gone back into the building, so I just assumed that class was cancelled and headed back to my dorm. I'm gonna try doing my homework at the top of the stairwell very soon, I think.

16:18
My laptop couldn't connect to the internet there, but weirdly, my phone could. Maybe because my phone uses data instead of wi-fi. I figure I can just make a hotspot on my phone to connect to the internet on my laptop, but I realized as I was going up the stairs that my laptop was very low battery, and there's no outlets in the stairwell, so I suppose I must begrudgingly accept the fact that I must procrastinate my work for a while,,, Surely there's no alternative,,,

23:30
Only ended up doing a bit of math. Oh well. At least nothing is actually due for a while. I still wanna get ahead of everything, though, because that'll hopefully goad me into working on personal stuff more (like the website I haven't updated in 3 months). My sister also started a Minecraft server recently, which is fun, but also terrible; this will directly replace my Terraria fixation.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

17/9/25

24:02
BWAH! I keep forgetting,,,. Maybe if I start associating my daily scoring with my blog, I'll remember more often; I've been keeping up well with that.

Part of the problem is that I just don't have much to say sometimes. I didn't do much today; got some math homework done, watched a lot of YouTube, evacuated because of the fire alarm, wished I got more work done. All the usual stuff. This would be solved if I just did more things, but I think it has become clear that that's challenging for me. Bluh. I also gotta start going to bed sooner.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

19/9/25

23:11
I suppose this was fairly inevitable, given my recent track record, but I am still saddened to miss another day of blogging.

In my defense, yesterday (particularly the evening) was quite busy. I went to my dorm floor's study room, and two of my dormmates happened to be in there, so we had a nice time while I was doing my homework for my Arduino class. Then, immediately after, we (along with my roommate and others) all went to the cafeteria and ate together. I'm very glad that we're all doing more stuff together; I was worried for a bit that we wouldn't connect much past being acquainted. Now that I'm remembering, I also spent a large part of yesterday playing on my sister's Minecraft realm (including after hanging out with dormmates), so I guess I don't have much of an excuse for not blogging. It was very fun, though!

Speaking of fun, another fun thing that happened yesterday was that my group in Arduino class picked what we're gonna do for our final project, and we settled on my idea of a pinball machine. The idea sorta won by default, since I couldn't come up with anything better, and no one else came up with anything at all, but when we looked into it, we found out that it'll be a lot easier and simpler than I was expecting. It'll probably require some soldering and woodworking, but it just so happens that my group members have the stuff necessary to do that.

A less fun thing, which happened during that very same class, was that we took a short quiz on logic gates. Normally, I'm a big fan of quizzes (mostly because I test very well), but as I turned the paper over to start this one, in which we fill out truth tables from a given logic gate schematic, I realized that I forgot which symbol was an AND Gate and which symbol was an OR gate. So, I did the only thing I could: I guessed which was which. I filled out all of the actual logic perfectly in accordance to my guess, but when I asked my table afterwards, I found out that I guessed wrong, meaning that all of my answers were wrong. Whoops! However, this story has a happy ending, because I just checked my grade and found that I got 9/10! I guess the grader recognized that the logic itself was right.

Anyway, onto today! The only class I had was Calc 3 in the morning, and we were just doing exam review. After that, I played some Minecraft, packed my stuff, and headed home for the weekend. I probably would've gotten an update out earlier, but I (once again) only brought my laptop home, so I have to do it through GitHub directly, instead of my usual way. It's been quite fun seeing my family and cats again, but I'm mainly here to get a copy of my birth certificate to have proof of citizenship, which I need in order to get a job (which SHOULD be the last step before I finally apply). I also wanna get a state ID, since I don't have a driver's license (and don't want one), and I doubt that my university ID will count for everything.

While I'm home, I've been avoiding wasting time on social media and games (which is made easy by this laptop sucking), so I've been spending some time doing homework, which I feel good about. I neglected to mention this last week, since I was busy bragging and inflating my ego (well-deservedly), but I actually started on the Ethics homework. It's more interesting than I was expecting, as well as a lot more time-consuming. I started to do some more earlier on this laptop, but part of each of the weekly modules is a PowerPoint lecture that we have to go through, and this laptop literally doesn't have enough RAM to load the presentation (either that, or something else is consistently preventing it from loading on this thing). Fortunately, I have another laptop that has a lot more RAM, so I can use that to go through the PowerPoint(s), but the keyboard is very glitchy and annoying to work with, so I would essentially have to use both laptops at once to do the assignments. Which I *am* considering. If I don't do that, I can also work more on JabiChat (or another Jabiveir project). It has dawned on me how little I've contributed to the site over the past months (aside from the blog, but most people can't even see that).

Anyway, good day today. If all goes to plan, tomorrow will be another.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

20/9/25

20:32
Good day today! Tried to load up the Ethics PowerPoint on my other laptop, only to realize that I can't boot up the other laptop, since we put the new SSD in it and never installed an OS; then, I realized that the professor put up the PowerPoints on YouTube, so there was never anything actually stopping me :P. So, now I'm only two weeks behind on the Ethics! It shouldn't be that difficult to catch up (especially since I really don't have that much homework in my other classes), but I've gotta get on it pronto, since everything's due October 12th. I also got a copy of my birth certificate, so I'll finally be able to apply for that job, and I made an appointment to get my state ID in about three weeks.

I also tried Salisbury steak for the first time today, and it was a lot better than I was expecting! I had it with green beans and potato wedges, both of which were also excellent. I've still gotta eat a third meal, but I don't really wanna open the packaging on my groceries, since that'll make it harder to transport them back to my dorm. A conundrum indeed!

24:00
My lovely mother made me a lovely meal while we watched "Mission: Impossible - Rogue Nation". Then I got food poisoning. Oops! At least it tasted good. Also, the movie was great! That might be my favorite Mission: Impossible so far. I feel like they leaned a lot more heavily into comedy (without letting up on the action), which I enjoyed.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

21/9/25

21:20
Back at my dorm! Last day home was fun; I went out for #LunchWithBro, my family went to an A&W restaurant, we watched a bit of "Scrubs" (one of my favorite TV shows), and I squeezed in a bit more Ethics homework. I think I managed to get everything done this weekend that I had planned to do, so I feel very proud of myself. Once I'm fully completely caught up with all my homework, I'm gonna try my best to start working on stuff for the website again; I'm going back home again in about 3 weeks, and I promised my friends at board game night a few weeks ago that I'd return with a better board game than Jabi Party, so I think that's what I'll try to do.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

22/9/25

21:09
Thought I was just on a roll with being productive, but I think my computer actually just drains away the energy specifically from the parts of me that wanna get work done. Maybe I should rush my dad to fix up that other laptop. I'm doing stuff now, at least. Once I put away my laundry, I'll (hopefully) finish the Ethics I started yesterday.

Today was alright, though. It was raining super hard when I was going to my second class, which wasn't fun. Also the fries in the cafeteria today tasted almost exactly like Cool Ranch Doritos. Those are basically the two notable things that happened.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

23/9/25

23:11
I got myself to make a new Jabi Comix, I did an image edit for my sister, I took out my trash, I caught up on my webcomics, I sorted my files, and I tried setting up my Dracula prank for a while (which didn't work because Instagram SUCKS AND NEVER WORKS). That's a pretty decent amount of stuff I got done, but I can't bring myself to be proud of it because I only did any of it as an excuse not to do my homework. I've kinda just felt drained of energy all day, especially when thinking about needing to get things done (at least, things that couldn't be framed as fun distractions); I feel so fatigued that I really don't wanna explain my Dracula prank, which I've only just realized I never explained on this blog. I thought caffeine might help, but it didn't seem to make a difference.

Maybe it wouldn't be so bad if I could learn something from this, but I'm way too bad at seeing patterns and associating actions with delayed consequences that there is no hope of me being able to figure out what causes this. Bluh. Hopefully tomorrow is better. For whatever reason.

My tone makes it sound like the whole day was crummy, but despite the fatigue, I actually felt pretty nice most of the day. My mood now is just soured by Instagram being designed by a team of elite idiots who conspire to make the worst piece of garbage app imaginable.

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

27/9/25

14:15
After the last post, I missed the next day, and I continued to feel fatigued the day after that, so I figured I'd take a bit of a break from the blog until I started feeling better. I do not feel better. I haven't gotten anything done since the last blog post.

That's a bit of a lie, but I really haven't done anything significant. I got two Econ assignments done (though those are tiny and really easy), I made another Jabi Comix, and I started working on (i.e. worked on for an hour and haven't touched it since) making a board game.

I think it might just be illness. I've been coughing and sneezing a bit recently, which I also felt when I was this fatigued in the summer. My dormmates have also noted people talking about getting sick around campus, and it would align with the time of year. Maybe it's that my immune system is using up so much energy that I don't have much left to use on my brain.

I think the solution (at least in part) might be more vitamin C (or more vitamins in general), because I find myself occasionally craving my multivitamin gummies I've been taking, as well as often craving the hot dogs that I eat for breakfast immediately before taking my vitamins. I've heard of people starting to crave orange juice soon before they get sick, so it seems like a decent theory. I feel like it's a bad idea to just take more of the vitamin supplements though, so I'm gonna try to find some foods I like that have vitamin C and see if that helps.




